John 3:16|For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
Proverbs 3:5-6|Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths.
Psalm 23:1-2|The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.
Philippians 4:13|I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
Romans 8:28|And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose.
Isaiah 41:10|Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness.
Matthew 11:28-30|Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
2 Timothy 1:7|For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
Joshua 1:9|Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of a good courage; be not afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the Lord thy God is with thee whithersoever thou goest.
Jeremiah 29:11|For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the Lord, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
Galatians 2:20|I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me: and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me.
Psalm 46:1|God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
1 Corinthians 10:13|There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
Matthew 6:33|But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.
Psalm 119:105|Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
Ephesians 2:8-9|For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.
Romans 12:2|And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
John 14:27|Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid.
Hebrews 11:1|Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
Romans 5:8|But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
